>> Uh you can start though I want to say to people is that people are often sitting on a gold mine on their social media on their LinkedIn and they don't realize it. >> And I didn't have an intention to build a business in the beginning. I could have built a business a lot sooner. So, for people who are thinking, "I'm not getting enough from my LinkedIn or or I'm just posting and it's not really going anywhere or they're not even thinking of starting a business." You'll be absolutely amazed and surprised. I have clients who have less than 5,000 followers who are making a lot of money. Yes, they're starting to show up on LinkedIn, but they don't need a big presence to be able to do that. And I think even I myself in the beginning thought, I need to have this big presence to be able to sell. You don't. Um you can build authority, but the most important thing is are you identifying who you can speak to? It's those one-on-one conversations in the DMs they're going to bring the clients if you're selling a high ticket offer. If you're selling a low ticket offer, that's a whole other conversation. >> Yeah. >> And different approach. So, most business owners, they have had clients via referral, word of mouth. They've built that business offline, maybe in person from events. So, suddenly they're realizing now that actually LinkedIn has a lot of potential that they've not tapped into. Yeah. >> And it's about really getting into those conversations because remember people are buying you the coach. What I see a lot of people do is I'll outsource it. I'll just outsource the outreach. Unless you're running a business, big business, bigger business, let's say anme, it doesn't make sense to really do that when you've got, if you're a one person business or you've got a couple of people in your business because you are the face of your brand. You're the face of your brand through your content. You're the face of your brand when you're in the DMs. People want to hear from you. >> Yeah. I think that it's really exciting to hear that we're sitting on a gold mine potentially even if we only have 5,000 clients because there are so many soloreneurs on LinkedIn right now that are trying to make waves that are trying to gain traction. >> Yes. >> For those people, you know, you're saying, "Hey, look, you may only have 3,000 followers, 5,000 followers, but you're sitting on this gold mine." How do they tap into that? >> Yeah, absolutely. Well, first is they have to overcome the mindset barrier of nobody's going to want to buy from me or and the fear. A lot of people have a fear of posting. I think most people are getting over that, but it's you've got to be able to commit to this. Sales is consistency. It's discipline. It's doing the same boring thing to get to where you need to be. And it's not built success isn't built overnight, right?