I it. I'm a fan." and you'll think, "Wow, you know, this is the effort's really paying off." >> Yeah. >> But if you're starting out earlier in your journey, it won't feel that, right? It won't feel that. So, you have to push through that barrier. You have to know that your service potentially is going to change somebody's life for the better. Most business owners have a life-changing service in some way. That's what has to be at the forefront of your mind when you approach people in the DMs. The approach in the DMs. Of course, we don't want to be salesy, but unfortunately, there's so much bad outreach out there, myself included. I got a terrible DM the other day from somebody with 27,000 followers who was trying to sell me verality, was getting 2,000 likes on a post, but obviously was struggling to get clients because he was sending template. This was a templated DM to me. Yeah. And you know, that's risking the reputation here. Totally. Because you're sending that to I'm a bigger creator than him. But the thing is is that I'm always going to remember that bad outreach now and that person is obviously struggling if they're having to do that. So another thing to remember in the DMs, you know, we're only going to start we need to invite. So we need to invite that person first. Engage them in some small talk. People are just sometimes impatient. They want to just go straight for the jugular, announce their services and just hope that it sticks. And it and that that kind of outreach doesn't stick. We want to engage people in a conversation. I had a DM from somebody today. He said to me, "I'm so impressed with your outreach. You have referenced three things from from from my LinkedIn and you've looked at my posts and you've been really specific." And he's like, "Nice. Nobody does that." >> So, still hardly anybody is doing it. What's happening? You know, it's it's not that hard to be able to find something out about the person, especially if they're active on LinkedIn. And even if they're not active on LinkedIn, there's still things that we can do. So, you have to be really, really interested in solving a problem, building a relationship, but interested in that person. They don't want to talk to somebody who just wants to sell to them. And that's and that's and that's the mindset shift that you need to have. >> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, if you just jump right in and you try to sell somebody something, they're probably not going to purchase your services and and they're going to have a reaction you did, Charlotte, where you are completely turned off because it's obviously this person is, you know, jumping into everybody's inbox and sending this canned response. They don't care about me. They don't know anything about me. It just it doesn't work. So, you know, and I think that one of the the bottlenecks for a lot of us entrepreneurs who are, you know, maybe a little bit newer to posting content on LinkedIn, it's like, well, I'm not getting that engagement yet, you know, so how do I know not too many people are even looking at my LinkedIn profile, so how do I know who to actually reach out to and start those conversations?