Most of the times I've had I've been to 77 countries. There's plenty I can say when I see somebody lives in Atlanta or New York. You know, in New York, I went to Nana's Matchi last May. I love that place because I love matcha and it was amazing. So, I mention that. Start a conversation or it's — see that you're a mid-level exec for how many years. It's a great position, isn't it? Something that. Conversational. Again, before we even if we've exhausted all our leads on LinkedIn, and remember when you click on the people button on the top, you see network recommendations. LinkedIn will recommend like-minded, sorry, like-minded people that perhaps could be leads. Also, when you let's say you go on somebody's profile, it then shows you other similar profiles that people viewed. These again can be potential people that you can reach out to. So that's a way to warm up cold outreach. Another way to do it is on SalesNav. >> There's a twoe free trial. So I always recommend people do that before they leap in and buy it. Salesnav and even on normal LinkedIn you can use a boolean search is another thing I haven't mentioned. But if you want to be very specific on the title of the person, let's say they're a sustainability coach or no, let's go with a VP. So maybe the — mid-level exec, not senior exec, not assistant, not you can use the boolean search to refine your search. LinkedIn sales nav, you can search for people who've been in their role for two to five years. Perhaps they're looking for a pro. They're probably going to want to have a promotion after that time. So you can get really specific. You can search on keywords both with LinkedIn and both with sales nav. Is there some kind of keyword that appears in their headline? Does it appear in their profile? You can mention, you can put that in as well. You can also filter them by posted in the last 30 days on LinkedIn, which is great because you're approaching people then who are more active. You can also filter that search by by company, by size, the companies that they're in, the region. So, you absolutely never ever ever run out of leads on LinkedIn. And most people sometimes they get a lot of high intent leads. So, I get a lot of high intent leads, people who are stepping in my direction. They might be my profile, engaged with my content. There might be inbounds, but that doesn't mean I give up and say, "Okay, I don't need to do any cold outreach." >> Yeah. >> So, really, when we've got really great content and we're consistent and we stick with it, the right people will find us. But if we stop with the content and then and then just focus on the outreach, it's going to be harder. >> This is more sales reps because they don't typically post content. >> Your content is doing the work for you >> while you're, you know, it's a 24-hour salesperson. Then you also have to be the saleserson as well. So >> that's two things that you need to consider. >> Yeah. And I think there are a lot of people on LinkedIn that don't have those high intent buyers you do, you know? So I feel there's a lot of time that can be spent prospecting on LinkedIn, right?