Can I start 10 to 20 conversations in an hour? Yes. If you're just starting out, 5 to 10 is enough. It's better to focus on quality than quantity. But the reason people don't get clients is because they're not doing the right things to get them. So, this is pipeline building. I've done that first hour. I typically post at — 2 1:00 p.m. In the afternoon my time. So, that's 7:00 a.m. Eastern. I will then engage with my post for 15 minutes, 20 minutes. And then I'll be going back to the DMs to see if anybody's responded. Sometimes they have, and see if I can do a few more DMs then. That's it. Everything else then is the client delivery, other things. Opening email. I don't open my emails till the afternoon. Never open them first thing in the morning. I've started my conversations. Then at the end of the day, I can plan for the next ones. And if I feel I've got a bit more energy, maybe I'll send a few more DMs. >> Mh. >> But I'm blocking that time in my calendar so that nobody can book a call with me and I'm focused on it. This is the first thing. It's we all have time. You know, if it means getting up an hour, two hours earlier, do it. Because if you are really convinced that your business is something and that it's going to help people, then you need to be doing these things that are going to find those clients, right? So, you're going to make time. It's if you there's no excuses, I don't have time. It's what you're really saying is it's not a priority or I don't I don't really want to do it. So, you have to be really honest with yourself here. Setting that discipline is important. Top athletes, >> sales people are top athletes. They're the athletes of the business. It's you have to train hard. You have to stick to your training. It's if you if you if you want to lose weight, build muscle, you've got to stick to not just the exercise, but the flipping meal plans otherwise put in the reps. >> Put in the reps. It's the same with sales. Oh, that's the first thing. The second thing that you mentioned, the discipline, the discipline and the consistency around this is so important because without that, it just all goes out the window. And most people when it's not working, it's because they haven't tried it for long enough. That's usually the case. They haven't put into practice what they need to put into practice for long enough that it hasn't worked. So they start complaining and saying, "Oh, it's not working." They want to blame. So you've got to get that out of your head. Second question that you asked me, Mary, was related to that. Oh, the part in the DMs. So when the DMs went, "How do you pivot into business?" >> Yep. >> I have a video coming up on this because it's really good. It's a big topic. Yeah. >> And it's one where people struggle the most. Like I've pulled it many times. Two things happen.