But even if you're a seasoned entrepreneur, right, you're a seasoned coach or consultant, you're still going to face challenges. So remember, it's the mission and your mindset. Then you're open to to learning and doing new things. >> I love that because if we don't change our mindset and we don't actually believe in the product or the service that we're selling, there's no way that you're going to convince somebody else that your product is the best. >> Exactly. Absolutely no way on this earth. And that will come across in your conversations, even in your content on LinkedIn. You have to be 100% believing in it. And that's often a hard thing to do if you're starting out. It's you're testing. You're you're in testing mode. You've just got to be able to take action. Where I see people succeed, it's the ones who know that it's not perfect. Have just had a couple of clients or they haven't even got their first clients, but they know that they need to learn. So, they invest in themselves to learn those skills. And they know that they're not going to have 100% clarity until they've gotten out there in the market and until that they they've sold their idea. So, you know, that that's really important is your business will refine and change over time, but you've got to be really confident in what you're delivering, the transformation that you're delivering, because if you can't, then you're not going to sell anything. >> Absolutely. Well, Charlotte, tell us just a little bit more about you. How did you start using LinkedIn for sales? >> How did I start using? So, my journey is really interesting because I started on LinkedIn three and a half years ago and I switched roles. I've been I was in corporate sales for 23 years. So, an old dog. I changed roles. So, I I was commission only for years working with a few brands, a big well-known brand Financial Times. Didn't really use LinkedIn. Had about 3,000 followers for many years. And it was just this really stale corporate directory where people look for jobs and people industry news. There were no photos. There's nothing it is today. And I changed roles just after COVID. And obviously with COVID, I used to travel a lot for business. So I would go to networking events. I'd go to meetings and conferences and I would sell there. I was very good at that. Picking up the phone. Suddenly we did everything on Zoom. Suddenly we had to be really good at outreach. So more people started sending emails. There was a big shift, right? Big paradigm shift in that people now and it's great because although COVID was terrible, it brought a lot of change very quickly. So people started leveraging in sales cold email, LinkedIn outreach, the phone a lot more. And because I switched roles, that kind of made me I had to do that for my role. I had to do a lot more online selling. And very randomly one day I decided to connect with some other sales creators that I saw in the B2B sales space because I was in B2B sales. And I started creating content and I started listening to them on podcasts. Actually never thought I would go on podcasts myself because at that time I hadn't been.