We know that% sales success is not built overnight. So people expect that just after a month they're going to, you know, they've posted content, they've got in the DMs, or maybe they have they've sent a couple of DMs, but they've not done anything consistent. It's not going to happen straight away. And if it does, yeah, it's a little bit of luck, but really it's you've got to be in this for the long haul. The reason it doesn't work is people don't don't learn the skills, but they don't stay consistent with the skills. So you've got to be having >> I just lost your audio, Charlotte. I don't know if you can hear me. Yes, I can hear you. >> I can't hear you on this end. >> Really? >> There. I can hear you now. >> Okay, good. >> Yeah, it cut out for just a minute. >> Yeah. Okay, so >> we're good now. >> We're good now. With getting in the DM's content, you've got to be consistent, right? If you're starting out creating content three times a week, it's better to do less and to do it well and have a strategy. Where I see people fail is there's a lot of random content. So, if I'm your ideal client, let's say you're a career coach, often I'll see content that's just it. There's no strategy behind it. I'm not sure how you help me. You're not speaking to my problems. You're not speaking to solutions. Obviously, there's different types of content. But if you're if you're not going to be consistent, put yourself out there, it's going to be harder to generate the right kind of leads. So, the content warms people. Yes. You know, everybody wants an inbox full of inbounds. Everyone does and some of the content coaches, ghost writers might make might make you believe that that's possible and it is possible but it's not the only it's not the only thing man can't live on bread alone. We need to also outreach to people as well. So having a system where you >> I can't hear you again. >> I'm not sure. >> There we go. Okay. Sorry it was cutting out your good. Having a system where you create content, you engage and reach out to those people who show intent. Either engage with your post, view your profile, step in your direction in some way. If they're doing that, they're stepping in your direction in some way. Not all of them might be potential clients, people that you can help. But you can start by identifying who they are, reaching out to them. This is where a lot of people don't do. They just think, "Oh, if if I'm good at what I do, and if they really my content, my services, they'll come to me." Some of them will, but nine out of 10en of them won't, even if they have a problem, right? And again, especially with things career coaching or even life coaching or sort of more sensitive topics, they don't want to be seen to be commenting on your post. So, they'll be lurkers. So, 90% of buyers are usually lurkers. They've been following you for a while. They suddenly connect to you or they — you know, they end up viewing your profile. They might vote in a poll, something will something that. And and then they'll suddenly be saying, "Wow, I've seen your content. I've seen it.