But if you've got a high ticket offer and maybe you've got different services that are 10, 15 or 5K, >> Mhm. >> you want to be able to get on a call with that person because you want to be able to be a doctor and identify, hang on a minute, let me just see what part of my service, which medication is going to be better for you. >> I'm the expert here, not you. So we can ask them for the meeting provided that we've identified that they have the pain points that there are challenges around how we can help them and they want to be able to solve this and they have a success goal in mind we can then say hey I know I can help you with this why don't we hop on a call and explore it looks if we work together >> perfect very clear there that it's not a coffee chat that it's not a hey let's have a virtual coffee meet you >> we're going to talk about business but we are going to identify for a bit a little bit more in a bit more depth what you need help with. And I'm not going to tell you my services in the DMs because you haven't earned the right to hear them. I don't know which part of my service could help you. I have an idea, >> but I'm not going to give it to you all on a plate in the DMs. >> Yeah, for sure. >> Yeah. >> So, what's one quick change that someone could make today to improve their LinkedIn strategy? >> One quick change? Oh, that's a really difficult question to answer. >> It depends on what they're doing already. So, I don't know what they're doing already, but the biggest mover, needle mover, is make sure you're creating content consistently. Get in the flipping DMs, have conversations, and book meetings. All we need to do is book one meeting a day. That's Monday to Friday, five a week. If we get the thing is, it's not about volume. It's about being more efficient. If we've got the right type of CL, if we've qualified well in the DMs, we've got five meetings in a week. We might not close them all for we we should be able to close even without sales experience one of those, >> right? But with more sales confidence, if we're following that rhythm, a good conversion rate is one in three. So even if we're not good at sales yet, one in five is still very good. But if you think about it, most people need to make anything from 5k plus a week. If we're having one meeting, if if we're getting one sale a week and it's 5k, 20k for the month, >> y >> it's not as it's not the rocket science that people think it is. Yes, it takes work, but provided that you're focused on the right things, you can make this work sooner rather than later. >> Totally awesome. I'm inspired. >> Charlotte, where can we find you on social media? >> You can find me on LinkedIn. So, www.lin.com/sharlotte linkedin.com/sharlotte loy d sales altogether. Charlotte Lloyd Sales. Find me on LinkedIn. I am on Tik Tok. I can't actually remember my handle cuz I don't use it so much, but LinkedIn is a place to find me. Thank you so much for coming on today.