You can spend hours and hours outreaching and jumping into people's DMs for it to lead to nowhere sometimes. So, how do we manage that time? What's the best use of our time? And I guess a kind of a followup to that is how do you go from having that conversational tone and kind of warming somebody up and getting to know them, having that personable conversation into more of a salesy pitch without being too salesy. >> Yes. So, that's another key. There's two key things here. So the first is with the time management piece. You have to time block when you're doing your outreach. And most people don't. They get distracted or they don't do it. They find excuses every single day. So my first thing is every time I open my laptop, my very first thought before I do anything else check email or do anything admin related, where is my next client coming from? Where are they coming from? Might look at my pipeline. Right. Okay, great. What am I going to do? I'm going to go on LinkedIn and all I'm going to do for the first 60 minutes and actually I I recommend this and I do this myself as well. The night before or even if you want to plan for the whole week in advance, great. But usually the evening before you finish work or the afternoon, spend 30 minutes finding people, businesses that you can reach out to. So you're building a list. Why do it then? Because it's it's you're in that kind of okay, I'm in a research mode. I'm not outreaching, so I'll just do it all together in one. This what we do as sales reps, right? We do we work in blocks sales reps that's what we're taught because then we're more efficient we're focused and we stick with it. So let's say you've lined up it's it's Tuesday Monday afternoon you've lined up who you're going to speak to first thing Tuesday we say eat the frog do the thing that you hate first in the morning get it out the way for me it's my exercise I hate doing it in the morning but I feel great afterwards and say to yourself it's it's it's not that I want to do it it's the way I want to feel after I've done it. So the harder task in the morning, your brain is more kind of focused and switched on than it is in the afternoon when you're tired. What are you going to do in that first hour? Maybe it's 7 to 8:00 a.m. 8 to 9:00 a.m. You know, typically for me it's 8 to 9:00 a.m. I am literally starting conversations with people. That is all I am doing and I'm tracking what I do. So there's a really good tool that I use called Condo. Try Condo to do it. And I'm not sponsored by them, by the way, but they are just really >> Does that hook into LinkedIn? Is it a Chrome extension? >> It does. Yeah. So, it's — it's a Chrome extend. No, it's it's an inbox, but basically allows you to time your responses and really segment. Okay, did this person connect or follow with me? They view my profile. Then you can send your DM and then if they don't respond two days later, I I would be going back to them. So, I time, you know, let's say it's a 10day outreach. So, that's the first thing.