>> So, when not a lot of people are engaging and looking at your profiles, okay, easy. Put together a hit list of again is are we targeting companies here? Are we specific companies? Are we targeting specific individuals? What does that look like? First, before you even get to a tool sales now, if you can use LinkedIn, LinkedIn search is a really good way to identify leads. But there's a warmer way to do that first before we even get to LinkedIn search and it's filters. First, have a look at your peers and competitors. Who is showing up on their posts? Who's commenting? You can engage people in the comments. That's a really good way to warm them up. Then send them a a connection request in a DM. Just because they're commenting on a competitor or peers post does not mean that they're it could be that they're working with them, but it doesn't mean that they can't work with you. So that's another thing that you have to to shift. Again, people that are commenting are usually more active, more responsive. Second thing to do, go and have a look at events. So if you're a let's use the career coach example here because you're a career coach, this is easy. There's tons of events that happening on LinkedIn around careers, around if you're a mid-level exec or a senior exec, you want to get into a leadership role or there's tons of events. So, if you go into LinkedIn search bar and type events, then you get the events tab and then you can start to put in keywords and look for specific events. What happens even if it's a past event, so it doesn't have to be a future event. If it's a past event, you can still attend. When you attend, you can see the get there's a tab called networking on the event. You can see who's attending that event. Hey, saw that you attended the event. Be great to connect. Great. Actually, I couldn't make it on the day or maybe you watched the recording, whatever. How did you find the event? So, now we've got a conversation going. We've warmed up a cold lead. The second thing that you can do, have a look at groups. There's lots of different groups on LinkedIn focused on careers, on leadership. Go and look in there because those people perhaps are they're engaging with posts in those groups. They're obviously looking to potentially invest in themselves. So there so commenting on peers and competitors posts events powerful groups that's before we've even opened sales nav of course and that's before we've done link and LinkedIn search you can also search via your peers and competitors they following maybe a peer of yours an influencer another creator that talks about leadership you can go and have a look and see okay who is following them reach out to them that way send them a connection request then say oh I see that you're following Mary Southern really what do you really about Mary Southern? Mention something specific. Mention something that you find on their profile. Great that you've been in your role, however long it is, or where do they live? Have you actually been to the place that they live?