And I started creating content myself. So this was very kind of innocent, you know, it was the first I'll create my first posts. I would get on a call with a client. I would then finish that call and typically if they gave me an objection or if I sold the deal I would be posting about it on LinkedIn. I was always thinking what's the lesson that I can teach other sellers with my posts and there was no intention to monetize to make money. I just wanted to help people mainly salespeople and sales teams. And even at that time in the first year I had no idea where it was going to go. I actually got into the content creation process, really enjoyed it, was still in corporate until one day it dawned on me actually I could be doing something with this and a lot of people started DMing me, mainly sales reps, saying, "Hey, you know, we just love your content. I've just showed it to my team. Like some of the stuff that you're talking about is really out there that people don't really mention." And I spoke a lot about cold calling. So, I became known as this cold calling content creator. And it went from there. And I >> offered coaching first. Obviously my offer was very different to what I'm doing now. And >> I just thought, wow, this is great. I have a side hustle while I'm in corporate. I built then decided that I preferred working with coaches and consultants, people running their own business because more of those people were engaging with my content, you know, after 18 months and they started reaching out to me. So I made a pivot. But before I made that pivot, I actually built a course for people who wanted to leverage their personal brand but also sell. So use LinkedIn as a as a sales tool. >> Yeah. >> Not be like, hey, I need to get loads of followers. I created a lot of content which was growth content when I started purely because I had no intention of really making it a business. So I would put different content out there. Would get a lot of engagement and I wasn't really using LinkedIn at that time to convert that into clients. People would come to me in the DMs. Then I realized I can't serve both sales reps, sales teams and coaches and consultants. So I needed to pick, okay, I've got to re-engineer my content. I left corporate, landed a huge six-f figureure sales training. So I trained 300 sellers in Dubai with real estate. So I thought that I would I would go into the B2B space. I actually created something for coaches and consultants, but I thought this is pulling me in another direction. I then made a decision, right, I don't want to focus solely on B2B coaching. I actually want to help people who have got great businesses who need to learn sales skills and there's probably a lot of clients that they're getting could be getting on LinkedIn, but they're not maximizing that. Uh 18 months ago I pivoted into helping coaches and consultants. That's basically my journey.