How's it going? How are you finding it in your role? Once we've warmed the conversation up with a bit of small talk, we don't want to ask questions like, "What are your challenges?" You just so flipping generic. Yeah, >> you know, people ask me what my challenges are. It's like, I don't know how to answer that. I've got a million. So, yeah, since we're on the topic of X, how are you finding it? Or I would default to segueing into — an either or question. So, since we're talking about business, since we're talking about LinkedIn, what's more important to you? Is it getting clients or growing your audience? Provided obviously we've warmed the conversation before we get to that point. >> Yeah. Couldn't help but notice ask a question around that. So that's where people just they feel uncomfortable asking that question and it's how we phrase that question. How are we leading into it in a way that feels natural and not forced? That's the first part of the conversation. We want to identify a pain point, a struggle or a compliment. Maybe they say, "I love your content." Or, "I'm loving it." Or, "Great, you're loving it. It sounds it's going really well. What's the issue if anything?" Or it might be that they mention pain. Typically people talk about their pain. They don't talk about how well things are going. They usually default to well I'm struggling with this or I'm struggling with that. Great. Okay. So now we need to sort of find out why do they think that's a problem. So I use what I call a spice framework in the DMs. It's start the conversation by identifying a struggle or a compliment. The second part of that conversation is why do so so the P is focusing on the pain going deeper on the pain points. >> Mhm. What have they tried already? Have they tried to solve this pain? Why do they suppose that it's a problem? The I identify what's been preventing them from from solving this on their own. You know, a bit more dig a bit deeper. The C. So, we've we've found about the pain state where they are now, the right now. The C is in spice is the confirm the ideal state. Where do they need to get to? What do they what does success look if they don't have this problem anymore? E, engage them for a meeting. Ask for the meeting. Say, "Hey, we want to segue into I." And again, people here, they want to pitch their services. And if you've got a lower ticket offer, you probably could do that at this point.