People either get too friendly and stay too friendly, so they stay in the friend zone >> and that's it. They can't move that conversation into a business question or they get too business-like too soon. That terrible cold outreach I got and one guy sent me a blank connection request when I accepted. He's like, "Hey Charlotte, thanks for accepting. How's your video performing straight away?" And I'm like, >> "You have just got" and obviously what does he do? He's a video editor and all this, right? >> You're trying to sell me video editing. You're trying to sell to me straight up. If you were with me in person at a networking event, there's no way you're going to go, "Hey, Charlotte, nice to meet you. How's your video performing?" I'm going to find that really weird and you're just thinking, "Just go away, you know, just go away." So, they're the two problems that I see. It's either too much too soon or not enough of not enough of what they need to do at the right time in the conversation. Now, typically, yes, a bit of small talk is necessary. So I might send a connection request if I'm sending it with if it's not blank and again there's blank work for certain types of people, personalized work for other types of people. I tend to prefer personalized because most of the people most of my prospects clients are active on LinkedIn. But some but but there's some that aren't. Most of them prefer blank connection requests. I will look for some kind of commonality on the profile. So usually it's they've been running their own business. How long have they been doing that for? Two, five, 10, 15 years. Like wow, it's a great feeling, isn't it? Saw that you started and that you've and I might mention other achievements that I noticed. I might put to put a PS in because nobody puts a PS in. PS personalize. I see that you're — again you'll find clues in their about section. Sometimes you might not but they might have 25 years experience in something or they basketball or they live in a certain city which you like. P. S. You know I've been to Arizona or I haven't been to Arizona. Sorry, but Sedona's high on my list to visit. It's great. It must be a great place. And that's it. And that person will usually respond. The next thing >> we want to respond back and warm up that conversation. So get into a little bit of chitchat. How do we segue into a business question since we're on the topic? So typically I would use a phrase since we're on the topic of running a business, how are you finding it? Nice open question, not too business, but we will have had some small talk before this point. I don't go in straight away with this. How are you finding it? Since we're both on LinkedIn, how are you finding it? It looks you've built your business off LinkedIn and you've just kind of got started here. How are you finding it? Great question. How are you finding it? For example, if you're a career coach, that person's been in their role 2 to 5 years. So, you've established that perhaps you've had a bit of small talk around that, that you were in a similar role for a while, and then you pivoted into career coaching.